Add security policy and GPG keys (#121)
QuiltMC/quiltmc.org: src/pages/en/about/security-notice.md

---
title: Security Notice

> description: If you find a vulnerability in one of our project, please report it using the procedure detailed here

Reviewer: Two suggestions: One fixes a typo, one is an alternative description which I think is more clear. Use either one.

```suggestion
description: If you find a vulnerability in one of our projects, please report it using the procedure detailed here.
```

```suggestion
description: How to report a security vulnerability in one of our projects.
```

layout: /src/layouts/Page.astro
---

> This is the security notice for all QuiltMC repositories. The notice explains how vulnerabilities should be reported. We also support the [security.txt](/.well-known/security.txt) standard.

Reviewer: I've added "security" in front of vulnerabilities here and in some other places to make it clearer for people who might not be familiar with the terminology.
```suggestion
This is the security notice for all QuiltMC repositories. The notice explains how security vulnerabilities should be reported. We also support the [security.txt](/.well-known/security.txt) standard.
```

# Reporting a Vulnerability

> If you've found a vulnerability, we would like to know so we can fix it before it is released publicly. **Do not open a GitHub issue for a found vulnerability.**

Reviewer: I've changed the tone here to be more instructional, i.e "This is what you must do" instead of "this is what we want the end result to be".

```suggestion
If you've found a vulnerability, please let us know privately so that we can fix it before it is released publicly. **Do not open a GitHub issue to report a security vulnerability.**
```

Send details to [admins@quiltmc.org](mailto:admins@quiltmc.org), including:

* The website, page, tool or repository where the vulnerability can be observed
* A brief description of the vulnerability
* Optionally the type of vulnerability and any related [OWASP category](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Top_Ten_2017_Project)
* Non-destructive exploitation details and proof of concept

> We will do our best to reply as fast as possible. [A PGP key is also available](/.gpg/administrative-board.gpg) to encrypt the communication.

Reviewer: This change makes it clearer that PGP is optional, to avoid confusion or anxiety for people who aren't familiar with PGP encryption. It also makes it clearer that the "communication" being referred to is the email that you're sending.
```suggestion
We will do our best to reply as fast as possible. [A PGP key is available](/.gpg/administrative-board.gpg) if you'd like to encrypt the email.
```

> # Scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scope
```
H1 (#) should only be used for the title at the top of the page.

The following vulnerabilities are not in scope:

* Volumetric vulnerabilities, for example overwhelming a service with a high volume of requests
* Reports indicating that our services do not fully align with “best practice”, for example missing security headers

> If you aren't sure, you can still reach out via email.

Reviewer: This change makes it clearer that we're referring to not being sure about the scope of the vulnerability.
```suggestion
If you aren't sure whether a vulnerability is in scope or not, you can still reach out via email.
```
